Yes I went Hello everybody bonfire
With tax day
Well is okay really I'm not try to properly take a practical knitting this time
I now just below that ended up Yeah
Is not it a bridge and trying to do it is to do this time
There is this leg, it's not open and it's down
This type of movement is going on with the type of water breaking that will go down tomorrow
I'll pass this bridge
In a state that has entered it down in this taxi
And lower
I wonder if it's wondering why I'm going into a submarine that won't come in
I think it's not
Hmm
And I spent usually thinking only such a thing
I would like to give it up with Mr. Chicken and to give up the submarine
I think Ease I think it tries to start
Are you sure you want please
Early
Oh came came chage is
What happens will happen Oh you a lot of people that have been action
I thought that there was an open path and an open path
Cherished 12 Sit push Well, in this is submerged google the foot
Oh yeah-good attached Kyushu man
That stopped fast
finished
Mr. Chicken
Yup
Well in a small second generation
And I'd put Mackey Innovation hop Mesho are swimming gisaeng have to this root, but it
I 'm already in a state where I have already stepped on completely against a hobby that can swim even if I can swim in love
What is it
Well 4 p 's that this one more time may I have it raised in the wind
Was Yanai Bridge Bridge Yone
The amount is a bit please. The 8 value raise exception says in a little button search
Goyama results there
Let's go there most of the time there
I can press firmly
I'm going to push it into the water
A word that really has a wait for a moment
Are' this I do not give it what it
I do not do
Any good in the third episode real Ne been raised but I this bad
No such reason Toka because I'm down end but dead discord
Oh, I'll lower the archi performing arts festival architakita Thank you for your health
It's because I 'm already back
Do not come to the sciatic
The picture returned to the original is also the rotor
No Colors
Let's go before making another I kinda also really mainland
Pa Perhaps it is over there so I mean before
Nice to meet you
So let's say let's go down here
I see
So I in Re this cat early early
Heat heard Looks Italy that Anonanka this
Sassa
We'll go have you ok out Idasu
Start out yes
Face car eh
What becomes a trap that has been angry remains have been angry car
Good dangerous dangerous Wai'
This I had to choose the the beyond where people of good will
Truly Innovation a I was chucked in EI den
Top I no longer lie
Multi likely it's going to lie thing
I'll come out in a minute if I lift this bridge a little , but here r
Really
I got stuck in something, bought it and had a bad chance Eh
Well then what's up there is a cry by Kamio
It is a thing in Ginza Ginza
Now I came back Kurumafusuma I've been falling car
Well below this all means seat inf ship
Good side
Third
Come on low Nare
Yes i can't just mention
Hm
I can not give up at all
If you hit it, this will burn
I'll give you a blur
How is it
Well it sells Truly has no car true
The car that passes through has also suffered willing to come
Ah ah ah ah
Everyone says yes
The car is falling from the bridge
Ship sinks
Disappear
share again next time
Multi-tech
gu next time
Baibaｰ physician please than
Yes thank you for saying from the incident
Not with castors
Ne